1. Please write a program in python that reads in the example.json file and provides a web based editor for the data. I need to be able to edit all fields, search and replace terms globally and in a sub hierarchy. The program should have unlimited undo functions.  It should save versions of the file after each edit. Presentation of the file should be in a structured hierarchical format, that allows for the opening of subjects by clicking on a field or a symbol before the field.

2. Many fields inside the file are uuids - these track edits. When an edit occurs generate a UUID in the versioning system and associate it with the edit and replace the value in the file.
I want to able to look through the versioning system and see uuids for each edit.

3. I need a version view in the editor where i can search for edits and see when they happened, uuid before and after.

4. I want to be able to click on the version and see it on the right hand side. I want to be able to return to the initial version as well.

5. I need to be able to edit names of JSON structures as well, search and replace should be possible as well.

6. I want to be able to work on a different JSON file, i.e. I need to be able to have load different files. Be sure to maintain versioning correctly for the different files. 
- when i looked at example.json and edited it i noticed that we do not keep the original version around. Please fix that.

7. I need users for the program. They have to login to use it. Please use Google login. limited to domain "kandek.com". Any authenticated use from these domains can use the program.
Track the user name in the edits. Show other users that are logged in to help avoid conflicts.

8. Add a digital signature function please. A button to sign, which will add a JSON element "Digital SIgnature" on the top level - name, date, uuid,

9. In the JSON view make the hierarchies collapsible (was broken from step 1)
- required 2 followups to work
- codex = no
10. Add a login bypass. If login.bypass active in.env file (active = default) then forgo login requirement and and use "WKandek" and "wkandek@searchstax.com" as logged in user
- codex = no - seem less finicky...?

11. I want to right click  an JSON object and be able to duplicate or delete it
- required 2x follow up on errors

12. if the name of the item is "id" I want to be able to increment or decrement its value via the right click menu

13. add an upload and download function of json documents
